docs(dev-server): add transportMode docs and examples (#3240)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/dev-server.md

```

## `devServer.transportMode`

> `string: 'sockjs' | 'ws'` `object`

Reviewer: The default value is object, lets move it to the first place and mention the default
```suggestion
`object: { client: 'sockjs',  server: 'sockjs' }` `string: 'sockjs' | 'ws'`
```

Author: I think that it makes more sense to say that the default is 'sockjs', even if it is internally that equivalent object. Most basic users I suspect would only make use of the string options.

Author: Maybe something like: `string: 'sockjs' | 'ws'` `object: { client: ... ,  server: ... }`

and then elaborate on the object properties later?

Reviewer: okay as long as we say that setting `devServer.transportMode` to a string is a shortcut to setting both `devServer.transportMode.client | server` to that value

W> `transportMode` is an experimental option, meaning its usage could potentially change without warning.

> This option allows you to choose the current `devServer` client/server transport mode, or provide your own custom client/server implementation. This allows you to specify how your browser, or other client, communicates with the `devServer`. The `devServer` then uses this to inform the browser client when the page should reload, for example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows to choose the current `devServer` transport mode for client/server individually or to provide custom client/server implementation. This allows to specify how browser or other client communicates with the `devServer`.

Providing a string to `devServer.transportMode` is a shortcut to setting both `devServer.transportMode.client` and `devServer.transportMode.server` to the given string value.
```

The current default mode is [`'sockjs'`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sockjs). This mode uses [SockJS-node](https://github.com/sockjs/sockjs-node) as a server, and [SockJS-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sockjs-client) on the client.

Use `'sockjs'` mode:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  //...
  devServer: {
    transportMode: 'sockjs'
  }
};
```

`'ws'` mode will become the default mode in the next major `devServer` version. This mode uses [ws](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ws) as a server, and native WebSockets on the client.

Use `'ws'` mode:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  //...
  devServer: {
    transportMode: 'ws'
  }
};
```

> You can also create custom client/server `transportMode` implementations. The client and server implementations must be compatible with one another to communicate successfully.

Reviewer: We already said this earlier.
```suggestion
When providing a custom client and server implementation make sure that they are compatible with one another to communicate successfully.
```

> To create a custom server implementation, you must create a class that extends [`BaseServer`](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server/blob/master/lib/servers/BaseServer.js), found in the `lib/servers/` directory of the `webpack-dev-server` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom server implementation, create a class that extends [`BaseServer`](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server/blob/master/lib/servers/BaseServer.js).
```

> <!-- TODO: add link to a custom server implementation example -->

Reviewer: dont put TODO here, file an issue

> <!-- TODO: add link to a custom server implementation example -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To create a custom client implementation, you must create a class that extends [`BaseClient`](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server/blob/master/client-src/clients/BaseClient.js), found in the `client-src/clients/` directory of the `webpack-dev-server` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom client implementation, create a class that extends [`BaseClient`](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server/blob/master/client-src/clients/BaseClient.js).
```

> <!-- TODO: add link to a custom client implementation example -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Using path to `CustomServer.js`, a custom WebSocket server implementation, along with the compatible `'ws'` client:

Reviewer: From here, create two h3 tags by using `### devServer.transportMode.server` and giving related info per item, mention possible types per value. E.g. client `string` `path`, server `string` `function` `path`

Author: Can it be `class` instead of `function`?

Reviewer: depends on the validator, check json schema

Author: @EugeneHlushko Yes the schema will accept a class, and that is what users should be passing in. What I meant was, are you fine with me listing it as a `class` in the docs rather than `function`.  I will make the change, if it is a problem let me know.

Reviewer: got it, please use `class` and if schema will also accept a function use both e.g. `class` `function`

Author: Done. It accepts both. The validator will always accept `class` when the schema is `"instanceof": "Function"`, for this reason: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42100659/why-in-javascript-class-a-instanceof-function-but-typeof-class-a-is-not-an-obje

> classes are just syntactic sugar for constructor functions. I.e. the evaluation of class A {} produces a function.

Reviewer: Deeply apologize, but we had finally have defined the types and defaults definitions, please use `function` here as per: https://webpack.js.org/contribute/writers-guide/#configuration-defaults-and-types

```

## `devServer.transportMode`

`string = 'sockjs': 'sockjs' | 'ws'` `object`

W> `transportMode` is an experimental option, meaning its usage could potentially change without warning.

T> Providing a string to `devServer.transportMode` is a shortcut to setting both `devServer.transportMode.client` and `devServer.transportMode.server` to the given string value.

> This option allows to choose the current `devServer` transport mode for client/server individually or to provide custom client/server implementation. This allows to specify how browser or other client communicates with the `devServer`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option allows us either to choose the current `devServer` transport mode for client/server individually or to provide custom client/server implementation. This allows to specify how browser or other client communicates with the `devServer`.
```

Reviewer: Looks better, CC @Loonride

The current default mode is [`'sockjs'`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sockjs). This mode uses [SockJS-node](https://github.com/sockjs/sockjs-node) as a server, and [SockJS-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sockjs-client) on the client.

> Use `'sockjs'` mode:

Reviewer: I just realized, we dont give examples of default behavior, can you please get rid of that?

Reviewer: The rest looks good

Author: You meant remove the example, right?
